just a bit down the road from us in West
Hollywood they have what they were
calling the first cannabis cafe in the
United States it's a restaurant where
you could smoke pot and you can eat and
people are lining up to get in you can't
get a reservation of this place
marijuana is legal here in California
and as you those of you who walked on
Hollywood Boulevard know it is
everywhere you turn and with that said
it's time to play a game we enjoy called
[Applause]
does not imbibe in any of this stuff but
one of the three people standing next to
him does one of these pedestrians is hi
and my job is to guess who the person is
in your job Sal and we are staff yeah is
to try to trick me correct okay yes
we're gonna trick you're good now by
tricking me usually it means you will
pick some but I guess like obviously I
guess the guy in the middle but well
let's see how hard he laughs it's at
that all right well let's speak to some
of these folks and we'll start it will
start right - cousin stuff right what is
your name my name is militia militia oh
and your parents were definitely high
when they spelled your name like I am
born from the 70s so probably yes
are you a well-regulated militia I would
think so okay all right
militia would you mind taking your
glasses off so I can inspect you where
are you from from Albuquerque New Mexico
okay and are your eyes naturally red oh
no I have a really bad allergies I am
from New Mexico so okay yeah is that
he's allergic to telling the truth New
Mexico particularly vulnerable to
allergies I what was the best never my
boy all right I think we've got a
front-runner
next up gentlemen does it senior name is
famous yes yes my name is famous famous
right that's your real name huh yes
have you met militia famous I have you
have all right where are you from famous
Miami Florida and you've been famous
since you were born huh yes yeah what do
you do for work famous real estate real
estate yes and you have like bust boards
you have signs that say famous on them
yes yeah of course I do you do oh sorry
I didn't mean to offend you all right
you're on vacation right now I live in
our Los Angeles oh you do you do so you
didn't forget to pack a shirt that's
intentional is that hair or a tattoo I'm
having a hard time seeing it's a tattoo
and then it's a just hair and it's there
underneath it yeah yeah it's oh it looks
like your hair's moving in on the tattoo
and finally our third contestant is in
Charlie Charlie Charlie how are you
Charlie I'm great thing where are you
from I'm from Brighton and England's
right in England now seed now Charlie
would might be just off the bat the
person I guess because she's from
England
it would seems like I don't know maybe
they're not as into this sort of thing
as we are but Charlie would you mind
removing your glasses so I can see your
eyes and uh okay her eyes look pretty
clear but that could be a ruse as well
all right Charlie Charlie are what month
is it October okay what's your favourite
cereal charlie Weetabix
I don't know that one but sounds healthy
don't all right I am going to Sal I'm
gonna go crazy and I'm going with
militia militia are you high
maybe how about them cowboy all right so
now we have prizes for the group even
though they even though I beat yes we
have pumpkin spice spam
you're gonna love that bring that home
to England and tell everyone about it
alright let's move the group out and get
another group in there on in hello there
group hello what is your name
Rob Michelle Oh Michelle were you from
Michelle Toronto Toronto you're a
Canadian I'm Canadian a weed weed is
legal up there right yep alright where
are you right now I'm in LA ok good
alright alright next let's meet Chandler
Chandler what Chandler
hey how you spell Chandler yeah I guess
though wow this must make your life hard
all the time it does yeah no one has
anyone ever spelled your name correctly
no never or said it correctly yeah I've
talked to your parents ago hey what was
the deal we had a conversation you did
okay now Chandler what does that say on
your hat there God is dope okay now when
you say dope does that mean God is dope
like he's great or does it mean God is
dope like I smoke until I'm feeling
spiritual oh no you know no important
answer think about right it's a well
answered and finally Rob on the end hi
Rob hey how you doing Jimmy I'm doing
well what do you do for work Rob working
at gas and oil terminal in New York you
work in New York
alright you're on vacation I'm on Cape
bug vacation yep okay
so I'm gonna go it wrong
[Applause]
not from five years yeah all right all
right Chandler are you high oh well that
only leaves one person who could do this
Jamie call Michelle yeah it's you it had
to be you all right all right all right
well it's ladies night I go everyone
gets tanked what's everyone gets a keg
there you go rob get some cake if you
can there gets a cake and most give
Melissa two cakes in you have it all
right all right thank you all very much
that's
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it